hey guys well here I am back with
another product review for you as
promised I'm here with the Toro s pro 4
that's the Aries actually s pro 4
competition censored motor this is brand
new motor it's only been on the market
here for a little over a month now they
released it in June 2014 it's now end of
July and I finally just managed to get
my hands on one I've been following this
since they released it in their catalog
which was the 2014 catalog so I found
this early this year and they only like
I said released it last month in June
and this has got to be one of the first
ones because I've been looking every day
trying to buy him anywhere I could I
didn't care who I had to go through or
whatever and I finally managed to get my
my mitts on this one here so I picked
the big boy this is the 4300 kV I'm only
planning to run on two S's this is going
to go into my hyper 10 SC and it's going
to be paired with the Toro ts 120 this
is a pretty nice little speed control as
well as the billet aluminum case it's
all solid aluminum dissipates heat
really well I love the fact the buttons
integrated into the case no more on/off
button you got to put somewhere on your
chassis really hate that and then you
have the dedicated program port as well
which can run your Bluetooth module
which i think is pretty awesome I
already have the Bluetooth this allows
you to pull over on the side of the
track make some changes and then take
off again you don't have to take the
body off connect programming cards
nothing like that it simplifies a lot of
things so I guess let's talk about what
we're here to talk about alright the
motor so this is to me it looks a lot
like a Tekin motor I'm not really sure
why I don't know just it's just the
front of the endcap and everything else
but the solder tabs do or high-current
solder tabs are pretty nice but I guess
let's get it over blocks see what we got
here
well first things first one thing that
bugs me is the sticker
when they stuck him in there I'm sure
they would have went all the way down I
don't know but they were folded come on
sky or see like no one's gonna put your
stickers on their stuff see that what a
fit sorry will de mess your guys foot
this is an active workbench yeah that
would have fit in there find but somehow
mine got bent in there and it was
sticking up the top and think I'll fold
it over like there's no way anyone's
gonna run your stickers if they're bent
and look like crap too bad cuz that
black sky RC one is following one the
only ones I what hust
and it's got a big crease mark right in
the middle of it anyway Dada and here
she is quite impressed actually to see
this this is the sensor cable which is
included with the motor but they
actually wrap it any mesh protective
mesh layer which i think is pretty
awesome
I have a lot of this that I use for my
own stuff but I think that's pretty cool
that they include that in there and
here's the motor over there see what
it's all about here oh definitely got
some weight to it feels really nice it's
all aluminum high-current solder tabs on
the back there nice and labeled like the
ribs on the can help with heat
dissipation it's got some pretty crazy
stuff it's a new motor right so there's
some technology in here like see they
have call it super thin laminations to
it they've done it I'll post a link in
the description to some of the relevant
websites to show you about these motors
and they're pretty cool I don't know I'm
gonna gonna give it a shot anyways see
how it goes so in my opinion here this
is a nice feeling motor I'm gonna hook
it up get it running and hopefully I can
put together a running video for you
guys problems just find us I'm gonna
shoot the video is I can't drive and
shoot at the same time it's just
impossible but really hoping that these
two perform I had a Toro SC 120 and it
just I had a pair to attend Shaw and I
no something went wrong with it it just
never worked great and it never I have
two different motors that it didn't work
right with now I'm running it in
uncensored mode and it seems fine but
anyway I've heard good stuff about this
guy decided to give it a shot as I have
the Bluetooth module and all that
already so there you have it hope you
guys liked the video thank you guys for
watching and we'll talk to you again
soon